better document cron options (#439)
temporalio/documentation: docs/shared/distributed-cron.md

> You can turn any Temporal Workflow into a repeatedly initiated Workflow. Two choices:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are two ways that you can turn any Temporal Workflow into a repeatedly executed Workflow.
```

> - start a Workflow using the Temporal CLI with an optional cron schedule using the `--cron` argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Start a Workflow Execution using the Temporal CLI with an optional cron schedule using the `--cron` argument.
```

> - (recommended) Supply a cron schedule when starting the Workflow using the CronSchedule

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Recommended**: Supply a cron schedule when starting the Workflow Execution using the CronSchedule.
```

I know you like to front load recommendations, which I support. I just want to find a way for us to do it that looks a bit cleaner such that we can build style guidance around it.
I don't want to block on this one, as I need to think about how to achieve this long term.

  parameter of <a href={props.docUrl}>StartWorkflowOptions</a>.

<div>{props.children}</div>

For Workflows with CronSchedule:

> - CronSchedule is based on UTC time. For example cron schedule "15 8 \* \* \*"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- CronSchedule is based on UTC time.
For example, cron schedule "15 8 \* \* \*" will run daily at 8:15am UTC.
```

>   will run daily at 8:15am UTC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - If a Workflow failed and a RetryPolicy is supplied to the StartWorkflowOptions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a Workflow Execution failed and a RetryPolicy is supplied to the `StartWorkflowOptions`, the Workflow Execution will be retried based on the RetryPolicy.
```

>   as well, the Workflow will retry based on the RetryPolicy. While the Workflow is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the Workflow Execution is retrying, the Server will not schedule the next Workflow Execution.
```

>   retrying, the server will not schedule the next cron run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Temporal server only schedules the next cron run after the current run is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Temporal Server only schedules the next Workflow Execution after the current execution has completed.
```

>   completed. If the next schedule is due while a Workflow is running (or retrying),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the next execution is due to occur while the Workflow is currently executing (including retries), then the next execution will be skipped.
```

>   then it will skip that schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - Cron Workflows will not stop until they are terminated or cancelled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Cron initiated Workflow Executions will not stop until they are terminated or cancelled.
```
